---
layout: post
title: "Derek caminero, really nice person, Launches Site"
date: 2018-11-15
---

  On 11/05 we came back to the delivery program where we needed to figure out how to make the box land on the house instead of the ground. With delivery(x+10, y+10) everything is easier. Data definition is similar to a data table because, a data table shows a definition for each topic. A data definition defines the data in general in other words it shows what the data is or does more clearly. We know if a type of cake or anything, is taller than the other by looking at the data of that object, saying it has a higher number of layers than the other. In code, examples help us know what that function is going to produce, before we apply it to any other "game", or program we are creating. If we use a type of function without using an example we, might just mess up our code and need to look deaper in the functions, since we wasted time. 
  In computer science this week we learned, about the difference between a type of data, and the usage of data, which is the usage are Quantitative, and Qualitative. Then there are the types of data which is what the computer recognizes, which can be an image, or just be a simple table of contents. We as well learned about how to make a table appear, and show all of its information which would be something like "'name of program/function'-table.row-n(0)[name]", this function will take the information of the row that is represented by the number in parenthesis. Then takes the label, or the categorical data to know which of the second term rows, the program was going to show the data for. Another good example of computer science, in pyret is "data.caketype: cake(flavor::string, layers::number, is-icecream::Boolean) end" which takes the data of a type of cake, says the name, the number of layers of the cake and if the cake is made out of icecream or not. I am just glad that we are being teached computer science which makes everything easier for me on my future life. Also, if i use the information of the usage of data, and combine it with the delivery program, i might be abke to fix it.
  
